Ah, it can be put like this before
Not only have money
not heavy
How could there be such a perfect man?
Song Xiaoya is currently 70 when her liking rises.
Look at me, this woman is exhausted, isn't it a loss?
Goldman Sachs
Your men are all down
What other means do you have to borrow money?
hand
What's the use of beating?
I am a shareholder of the Emgrand Hotel
You hurt my men here
You still want to get out alive?
I'd like to see how many people I can single out
Are you saying you are an Emgrand shareholder?
What? Are you scared?
Hmph now even if you kneel on the ground and beg me
I won't forgive you either.
Please, you deserve it too.
I want to tell you
You are no longer a shareholder
Hello Master Bear
How much did it cost to acquire shares in Emgrand?
go out
I'll call you 1 billion
Within 10 minutes
Acquired all of the Emgrand Group